I am posting a gunpla production video. It is a gunpla team.
It is not Gunpla to introduce this time ...
This is the Dengeki Hobby Magazine January 2015 issue.
So, the content of this magazine is
I would like to buy a magazine and read it
I wonder why I bought this magazine,
This time, the appendix is ​​this.
Appeared in Gundam Build Fighters Try,
Build Burning Gundam's
It is a head display base.
This is attached as an appendix of this Dengeki Hobby Magazine January issue.
So before ...
Here,
G's Recon Gista
It's G-self. It is this head display base
This was the one for Hobby Japan, but
It feels like this, so this time
Build Burning Gundam's
It is in the form of a head display base.
So now, build burning Gundam too
In the process of making,
Once you're done
I would like to use this display base to decorate.
For now, let's open this time a little
I would like to make it.
Contents, only this.
Maybe in this magazine
I think there is a way to make this display based ...
I will look for a little
This time, as an article
This Hi ガ ン ダ ム Gundam or something
Article of Gundam Astray is quite,
It is an article that I want to read firmly.
Very cool ...
And there is also an article of the unicorn Gundam of PG.
This is already ...
It feels like I can not wait to reach home, but ...
It looks like this, there was a page of the assembly drawing part,
Along this
It is this display base. I want to make it.
This time as well as G-self head de base,
I would like to finish with a matte spray after assembly.
Well, I've finished cutting out my hearts, so I want to assemble it.
From this time on, I say a little new weapons,
It's another angle camera, isn't it?
Well, even though it's an iPhone, it's an camera
It is iPhone6. Prepare that too,
I'd like to see a little from another angle.
I could make a part of my face, but
It's pretty real and cool!
It seems that even if you paint or smear this color, it looks pretty good.
The assembly of the head display base is complete.
Because there are few parts and is big
It can be assembled relatively easily.
Because this gloss has a plastic unique gloss,
From now on, I would like to apply a matte spray here.
I just applied roughly a matte spray,
The gloss is closed
Personally, I finished in my favorite atmosphere.
I also thought when I made the G-self head display base,
When applying a matte spray to white parts,
It looks like a plaster statue.
As a display base, I think it became a good feeling.
So you are the G-Self who made a little while ago,
It looks like this.
It is similar in size.
I can see clearly with the naked eye, but
The colors are slightly different.
G-self is somewhat yellowish or greenish white, though
Because those of build burning Gundam will be white parts
Than···
It is close to the plaster statue.
I think there are original designs, but
If you like me
Build Burning Gundam
Such a part of the chest, fine Mizo, and is firmly engraved, etc
I like it pretty much, this one.
So, this time
Appendix of Dengeki Hobby Magazine January 2015 issue
Build Burning Gundam's
It was a head display base introduction.